 20 Quotes About Chasing Your Dreams
 
"Remember to celebrate milestones as you prepare for the road ahead.” & “I have discovered the secret that after climbing a great hill, one only finds that there are many more hills to climb. I have taken a moment here to rest, to steal a view of the glorious vista that surrounds me, to look back on the distance I have come. But I can only rest for a moment, for with freedom comes responsibilities, and I dare not linger, for my long walk is not ended.” – Nelson Mandela.
quote article

 “Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” – Winston Churchill.

“Try to make sense of what you see and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious, and however difficult life may seem, there is always something you can do, and succeed at. It matters that you don’t just give up.” – Stephen Hawking

 “I have not failed, I have just found 10,000 ways that won’t work.” – Thomas Edison.

“The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one’s destiny to do, and then do it.” – Henry Ford.

 “If you can dream it, you can do it. (Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse.)” – Walt Disney.

“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” – Steve Jobs.

“Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.” – Theodore Roosevelt.

 “The starting point of all achievement is desire, not a hope, not a wish, but a keen pulsating desire which transcends everything.” – Napoleon Hill.

 “Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” – Pablo Picasso.

“Compassion is the currency that leads to true wealth.” – Jim Carrey.

“The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.” – Eleanor Roosevelt.

 “Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do, so throw off the bowlines, sail away from safe harbor, catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore, Dream, Discover.” – Mark Twain.

“Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I’m possible’!” – Audrey Hepburn.

 “Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.” – Neale Donald Walsch.

“Know without a shadow of a doubt that what you want most is coming straight to you.” – Katherine Hurst.

 “The most important journey of our lives doesn't necessarily involve climbing the highest peak or trekking around the world. The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.” – Oprah Winfrey.

 “Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience and the passion to reach the stars to change the world.” – Harriet Tubman.

 “I would rather die of passion than of boredom.” – Vincent Van Gogh.

 “There's a world out there and I want to be in it. I've got a life and I'm going to live it. Don’t tell me that the sky’s the limit when there are footprints on the moon.” – Paul Brandt.
